INDEX OF PROPER NAMES v

Fortuna, -ae, f. Goddess of
Fortune.

Foruli, -orum, m. pl. A
Sabine town . [Civita Tom-
masa.]

Fucinus, -i, m. A Marsian
lake. [Lago Fucino]

Furianis, —e, adj. Of a Fury.

GabInus, -a, -um, αα). Of
Gabii, a town in Latium.
[Castiglione.]

Galaesus, -i, m.
Tyrrheus.

Geryon, -onis, m. A Spanish
king with three bodies,
whose oxen Hercules car-
ried off.

Getae, -arum, m. pl. A
Thracian tribe on the

Son of

Danube.

Gorgoneus‚ -a, -um‚aclJ'. Of
a Gorgon. The Gorgons
were Stheno, Euryale, and
Medusa ς their hair was of
snakes, and all who looked
on them were turned to
stone.

Halaesus, -iv m. Son οι· fol-

lower of Agamem non, chief ι

of the Aurunci; killed in
the war.

Helena, -ae,s. Hele11,(laugli- 7

ter of Jupiter and Leda,
sisterof Castor and Pollux.

She married Menelaus‚j

king of Sparta, but ssed
with Paris to Troy, thus
causing the Trojan war.
After the sall of Troy she
returned io Menelaus

 

Apollo and the Muses.
[Zagara]

Hercules, -is, m. Son of
Jupiter and Alcmene, the
strongest of men. He
performed twelve great
labours, and at his death
was taken up to Olympus.

Herculeus, -a, -urn, adj, Of
Hercules.

Hermus, -i, m. A river in
Asia Minor, forming the
boundary between Ionia
and Aeolia. [Sarabat.]

Hernicus, -ει, —um, adj. Of
the Hernici, a tribe in
Lat iumstmtween the Aequi
and the Volsci.

Hesperius, ·a, -um‚ adj. Of,
or belonging to the Even-
ing3 XVesterln Italian.
Hesperia (se. terra), the
WVestern land, Italy.

Hiberus, -a, -um, adj. Spa-
nish.

Himella, -ae, f. A Sabine
river. [Aia]

Hippolytus, -i, m. Son of
Theseus and the Amazon
Hippolyte. His step-
mother, Phaedra, sell in
love with him, and, being
rejected, made salse ac-
cusatione against him to
Theseus, which led to his
death. He was restored
to life by Diana and Aes-
culapius. his name changed
to Virbius, and he was
honoured as a god.

Homoffi, —es,f. A mountain
in Thessaly.

ζ Hortinus, -a, ·um, (αῖ). Of
Helicon, onis, m. A moun· 3
tain in Boeotia sacred to 2

Hortarium, an Etrurian

to wn .

